Deciphered message version #1
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains:  for whose amusement?

It is possible that my whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to
others.

This life is mine!  Some of it was given to me; the rest, I made myself.

Why is not there some cheap and easy way I can prove how much you mean to me?

Everybody is entitled to my opinion.

I can admit to myself that I was wrong, but I will never admit it to you.

All I ask of Life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.

I need more time, and I probably always will.

Why dies trouble always come at the wrong time?

By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely
overwhelm me.

I recently had my problems on the run,  but now they have re-grouped, and are
making another attack.

To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it
the target.

Thinking about it is easier than doing it--but so far, I have not even
thought about it.

If you cannot learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.

Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past, but fortunately, it can
still be changed today.

What makes the Universe so hard to comprehend is that there is nothing to
compare it with.

All from "I may not be Totally Perfect, but Parts of Me are Excellent" by
A. Brilliant.

Deciphered message version #2
Tq wtqp td xpcpwj l uzvp, esp bfpdetzy detww cpxltyd:  qzc hszdp lxfdpxpye?

Te td azddtmwp esle xj hszwp afcazdp ty wtqp td dtxawj ez dpcgp ld l hlcytyr ez
zespcd.

Estd wtqp td xtyp!  Dzxp zq te hld rtgpy ez xp; esp cpde, T xlop xjdpwq.

Hsj td yze espcp dzxp nspla lyo pldj hlj T nly aczgp szh xfns jzf xply ez xp?

Pgpcjmzoj td pyetewpo ez xj zatytzy.

T nly loxte ez xjdpwq esle T hld hczyr, mfe T htww ypgpc loxte te ez jzf.

Lww T ldv zq Wtqp td l nzydelye lyo pilrrpclepo dpydp zq xj zhy txazcelynp.

T yppo xzcp etxp, lyo T aczmlmwj lwhljd htww.

Hsj otpd eczfmwp lwhljd nzxp le esp hczyr etxp?

Mj oztyr ufde l wteewp pgpcj olj, T nly rcloflwwj wpe esp eldv nzxawpepwj
zgpchspwx xp.

T cpnpyewj slo xj aczmwpxd zy esp cfy,  mfe yzh espj slgp cp-rczfapo, lyo lcp
xlvtyr lyzespc leelnv.

Ez mp dfcp zq steetyr esp elcrpe, dszze qtcde lyo, hslepgpc jzf ste, nlww te
esp elcrpe.

Estyvtyr lmzfe te td pldtpc esly oztyr te--mfe dz qlc, T slgp yze pgpy
eszfrse lmzfe te.

Tq jzf nlyyze wplcy ez oz te hpww, wplcy ez pyuzj oztyr te mlowj.

Ezxzcczh, estd htww mp alce zq esp fynslyrplmwp alde, mfe qzcefylepwj, te nly
detww mp nslyrpo ezolj.

Hsle xlvpd esp Fytgpcdp dz slco ez nzxacpspyo td esle espcp td yzestyr ez
nzxalcp te htes.

Lww qczx "T xlj yze mp Ezelwwj Apcqpne, mfe Alced zq Xp lcp Pinpwwpye" mj
L. Mctwwtlye.

Deciphered message version #3
Xu axut xh btgtan p ydzt, iwt fjthixdc hixaa gtbpxch:  udg lwdht pbjhtbtci?

Xi xh edhhxqat iwpi bn lwdat ejgedht xc axut xh hxbean id htgkt ph p lpgcxcv id
diwtgh.

Iwxh axut xh bxct!  Hdbt du xi lph vxktc id bt; iwt gthi, X bpst bnhtau.

Lwn xh cdi iwtgt hdbt rwtpe pcs tphn lpn X rpc egdkt wdl bjrw ndj btpc id bt?

Tktgnqdsn xh tcixiats id bn dexcxdc.

X rpc psbxi id bnhtau iwpi X lph lgdcv, qji X lxaa ctktg psbxi xi id ndj.

